We know it's important to show off what you've accomplished in the classroom.
The projects you'll complete are designed to highlight
mastery and the skills that companies around the globe are looking for.
In the first project,
you have your chance to draw conclusions using data dashboards.
By the end of the program,
you'll be able to build your very own dashboards just like the ones you see here.
This project is aimed at showing you what you'll be capable of making,
while at the same time getting some practice drawing insights from data.
In the second project,
you'll analyze data from the New York Stock Exchange SNP 500.
You utilize your knowledge of statistics and spreadsheets
to draw insights from financial performance data of these companies.
The goal is for you to perform an analysis and also
create visual tools to communicate results in informative ways.
You will also be applying your new skills to create financial forecasting models.
In the third project,
you'll use data from a digital music store database to help
a company learn more about their employees and customers.
Utilizing your SQL skills,
you'll query a database to gain
real insights into data collected by an international company.
In the final project,
you'll have the opportunity to look at airline data,
and understand flight patterns throughout the world.
You'll build amazing visualizations using Tableau,
that will allow you to share information with
users that's not only beautiful, but informative.
We can't wait to see what you build.